# Data Portfolio - About the Project
Hello, I am currently enrolled as a Masters student at American University. I am studying data science with a focus in computer science while enrolled in the American University Honors Program. I hold a cumulative 3.7 GPA and am set to graduate with my Masters of Data Science in May of 2027. I'm looking for an internship to expand my skills in this field.

I currently have experience in programs and languages such as R studio, Python, Quarto, HTML, git, and Markdown. I am familiar with r packages and python packages such as tidyverse, dplyr, pandas, pygame, plotly, and bootstrap. I find I am most confident in performing EDA and statistical analysis such as modeling, performing hypothesis tests, and visualizing data. I carry a passion for data deeply, and I hope to extend my knowledge in the field.

This repository contains my most recent project, an exploratory analysis on the National Institute of Health's Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System. This data, obtained by the CDC, focuses on an adult partcipants diet, physical activity, weight, and demographics. My partner and I chose to organize and focus our data around variables "RACE", "GEN" (gender), "AGEYR" (age), "INC" (income), and "EDU" (education).

INSTRUCTIONS: To view the output of my project, please download "data-portfolio.html", "data-portfolio.qmd", and "Nutrition__Physical_Activity__and_Obesity_-_Behavioral_Risk_Factor_Surveillance_System_20241105.csv". Place them all into a desktop folder and open that folder in R studio or a similar program. That will allow it to run the smoothest.
